Assignment 4 information

Welcome to Uzi's shoe spree, where we make it our mission to ensure customer satisfaction with the product they are purchasing. We sell only the finest shoes that are very rare at amazing prices. We have shoes ranging from the late Virgil Abloh's off-white collection, to travis scott jordan 1's, to Kanye's yeezys. We also sell clothing, like one of nikes most popular jump suits (nike tech-fleece) to drakes nocta line including his puffer's and jump suits. 

Team Members:

Micheal Jordan

Lebron James

Stephen Curry


Products

6 diff products: Basketball Shoes, casual shoes, Sweaters, jump-suits amd jackets

** could have 3 different items that are each
available in Red or in Black, and that would constitute the 6 products. **

for each product
- add a div that includes:
	Product Name
	Product Code
	Image of Product
	Description
	Add to cart button
		**Clicking this button must open a Bootstrap modal window 		with a message to indicate that the item has been added 		to the cart.
		(Note: this is not an actual e-commerce site so you don't 		have to create a cart that tracks all the added items).**
	All the product boxes should have the same design and they should all be
displayed neatly in a grid formation.

Contact
Create a contact web form with the following input fields and include
corresponding labels with each (where applicable):
o Name (text input)
o Email address (text input)
o Reason for message (select / dropdown menu with the options below)
 General inquiry
 Pricing and bulk rates
 Product info
 Shipping
 Other
o Product ID (text input) ** details on this field are given in the next
bullet point about form modification
o Message (textarea)
o Send (button; not a submit button)
 Perform form modification to hide/show the Product ID textbox (and its
label) depending on the selection in the "Reason" dropdown menu. If the
user selects "Product info", show this Product ID textbox. If anything else is
selected, hide this textbox. Trigger this function with an "onchange" listener.
 Apply "onblur" JavaScript form validation on this contact form to indicate if
the entered text in each of the text-based fields is valid or invalid. Show the
validations by changing the corresponding fields' text or border colour to
green (valid) or red (invalid). The validation conditions for each field are as
follows (invalid if the given condition(s) are not met):
o Name: valid if text is at least 4 characters long and contains no
numbers (don't worry about punctuation or other characters).
o Email address: valid if it follows the format: characters @ characters
. characters (you can use a regular expression or another approach)
o Product ID: valid if text matches one of the product codes shown in
your Products section above (remember this field will sometimes be
hidden, but the validation portion shouldn't be affected by this since it
can only be triggered when the field is visible and "blurred").
 Note: you can use a regular expression or a loop with a Boolean
variable or you can even simplify it by simply checking if the
typed-in code is an exact match with your 6 product codes
using simple if-else statements. Any approach is fine here.
o Message: valid if text is more than 10 characters and less than 30
characters in length.
 The "Send" button must have an "onclick" listener that calls a function when
it is clicked. The function must open a modal window that provides a clear
message like "Successfully sent message". Nothing will actually send but the
popup window should display a message saying it was sent


https://www.footlocker.ca/

https://www.champssports.ca/

https://stockx.com/



